h1. What's GoogleAnalyticsProxy?

This class allows you to test event tracking in a development environment without throwing JavaScript errors because google analytics isn't loaded. When Google Analytics is loaded, it'll trigger the corresponding pageTracker functions as you'd expect in a production environment.

h2. Example Usage

Just execute this _after_ google analytics is loaded.

<pre><code>
  _gap = new GoogleAnalyticsProxy();

  _gap._trackPageview();
  _gap._trackPageview('/contact/thanks');
  _gap._trackEvent('Video', 'Play', 'Homepage video');
  _gap._trackEvent('Video', 'Pause', 'Homepage video');
  _gap._trackEvent('Button', 'Click', 'Call to action X');
</code></pre>

h3. Initializing GoogleAnalyticsProxy

The following example is for Ruby on Rails to demonstrate how I load google analytics only in production, but GoogleAnalyticsProxy is loaded all the time.

<pre><code>
<% if RAILS_ENV == 'production' -%>
  <!--// Google Analytics //-->
  <script type="text/javascript">
  var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www.");
  document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
  var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-XXXXXX-1");
  pageTracker._trackPageview();
  </script>
<% end -%>

<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gap = new GoogleAnalyticsProxy();
</script>
</code></pre>

h2. Distribution

All the files related to GoogleAnalyticsProxy can be found in the @src@ folder.

h2. More information

You can learn morea bout the Google Analytics API here:

* "http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/gaJS/gaJSApi.html":http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/gaJS/gaJSApi.html
